.TH pyrosync 1 "18 Aug 2009" "version 1.0"
.SH NAME
pyrosync - preset enabled rsync wrapper



.SH SYNOPSIS
pyrosync.py [OPTIONS] [VERB] presetName(s)
.PP



.SH DESCRIPTION:
pyrosync is a wrapper for the rsync command line utility that allows you
to save preset rsync commands that you can run again in the future.

.SH OPTIONS:
.TP
.B -h, --help
Displays the pyrosync help information
.TP
.B -Y, --assume-yes
Automatically assume 'Yes' at any prompt for
verification. This is helpful for batch scripts.



.SH VERBS
pyrosync contains four different verbs (or functions) that allow you to interact
with the presets you've created or want to create. These verbs are envoked by
passing the verb's argument to pyrosync. Below are the arguments that can be used
when working with the presets.
.PP
To run a preset, pass pyrosync one or more preset names:
.TP
.BI "presetName1 presetName2 presetName3 ..."
Run the specified presets.
.TP
.BI "-n, --new " presetName
Prompts you to enter in information about the new preset
.I presetName
. See EXAMPLES section for the syntax to add a preset without the prompts.
.TP
.BI "-a, --add " presetName
Same as --n and --new.
.TP
.BI "-d, --delete " "presetName1 presetName2 presetName3 ..."
Delete the specificed preset(s)
.TP
.BI "-e, --edit " "presetName"
Edit the specified preset
.TP
.B -l, --list
List available presets. Multiple l values increases the amount of output
.TP
.BI "-p, --preview " "presetName1 presetName2 presetName3 ..."
Preview the rsync commands generated by these presets.
.RS
NOTE: This only applies to the pyrosync script.
It does not run the rsync command represented by this preset and automatically
add the --dry-run argument to each preset's rsync options list.
.RE



.SH EXAMPLES:
ADDING PRESETS:
.RS
Add a preset by name and then fill in the properties through prompts:
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py -n "My Preset"
.PP
pyrosync.py -n MyPresetName
.PP
pyrosync.py -n My_Preset_Name_1
.RE
.PP
Add a preset and its properties in one go:
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py -n "My Preset" /Source/Folder/
/Destination/Folder "This is the description for My Preset" -auhvPE --exclude=.*
--other --rsync --options --as --needed
.PP
The options to be used with the defined rsync command are to be declared after
the description of the current preset. Pyrosync then takes these arguments and
consolidates them and adds them as the options for the rsync preset.
.RE
.PP
The arguments -a and --add can be used in place of -n and --new respectively.
.RE

VIEWING PRESETS:
.RS
.PP
List all preset names:
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py -l
.RE
.PP
List all preset names and the preset's properties:
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py -ll
.RE
.PP
List all preset names, the presets's properties and the generated rsync command:
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py -lll
.RE
.RE

PREVIEWING PRESETS
.RS
.PP
To preview a preset:
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py -p "My Preset"
.RE
.PP
To preview multiple presets
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py -p "My Preset" "My Second Preset" Preset1 Preset2 [...]
.RE
.RE

RUNNING PRESETS
.RS
.PP
To run a preset:
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py "My Preset"
.RE
.PP
To run multiple presets
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py "My Preset" "My Second Preset" Preset1 Preset2 [...]
.RE
.RE

DELETING PRESETS
.RS
Unless the
.B -Y
or
.B --assume-yes
arguments are assigned, you will be prompted to confirm that you would like to
carry out the deletion function.
.PP
To delete a preset:
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py -d "My Preset"
.RE
.PP
To delete multiple presets:
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py -d "My Preset" "My Second Preset" Preset1 Preset2 [...]
.PP
A list of successfully deleted presets as well as any unknown presets will be
printed to the screen.
.RE
.RE

EDITING PRESETS
.RS
.PP
To edit a preset:
.RS
.PP
pyrosync.py -e presetName
.RE
.PP
When editing a preset, the user will be given the opportunity to edit the
preset's name, description, rsync options and the source and destination
locations for rsync to use.
.RE



.SH BUGS
Please report bugs! The pyrosync website is http://code.google.com/p/pyrosync/.
You can submit any bugs you find to http://code.google.com/p/pyrosync/issues/entry

.SH FEATURE REQUESTS
Pyrosync is currently in its 1.0 version. Version 2.0 will have many more features
like the ability to add dynamic data in the options like date, user's directory, etc.
Please see the pyrosync website to suggest features!


.SH AUTHOR
pyrosync was written by Collin D. Brooks <collin.brooks@gmail.com>.
.SH SEE ALSO
rsync(1)